Migrate config to toml (#2981)
yt-project/yt: doc/source/reference/changelog.rst

  fixed by `PR 2200 <https://github.com/yt-project/yt/pull/2200>`__.
- fix an issue related to creating a ds9 region with 
  FITS `PR 2335 <https://github.com/yt-project/yt/pull/2335>`__.

> - add a check to see if plugin_filename is specified in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- add a check to see if ``plugin_filename`` is specified in
```

> - add a check to see if ``plugin_filename`` is specified in

Reviewer: Just realised I'm not confortable with retroactively changing the name of the parameter in release notes
```suggestion
- add a check to see if ``pluginfilename`` is specified in
```
